Current Jail&Escape Version: A.430.0

(!) Short Version:

   Rewrote the whole audio management and the audio directors, added a script for the waiting time, all the data of
   the game is now located in just a folder instead of being a mess, added more story, fixed TONS of bugs, added a
   new setting "volume", added a License, added a Credits section, it now supports Winows 7, 8, 8.1 and 10.

(!) Big Version:

-< >- Major Updates -< >-
1. Continued the story:
 - Added a new part in the story which is called "ENDLESS-ROOM. PART:II",
   which is in the story "A Horror Dream" between the parts "WHATCHA-COOKIN'? PART:I" and "THE|REDROOM. PART:III"

2. Completely changed the way audio works:
 - Changed directories for the Audio Files
   Music and Sound Effects files are no longer messed in the game's main directory.
   They now have their own folder, located on "data/audio/..." and they are well
   organized.
 - No longer creates extra VBS files and no longer messes the game's main directory
   The AudioManager and the DirectAudio managers no longer use pre-made files,
   they now make a temp file located in "data/temp/[Temp File]" and deletes it after
   the audio was played. That also shorts the startup, it no longer has to create extra VBS
   files or check if they exist, the whole process is deleted.
 - Replaced the Sounds Manager with a new version of it called the Audio Manager and the DirectAudio manager.
   The Audio Manager now cooperates with the DirectAudio managers. The DirectAudio
   managers play the audio, and the Audio Manager checks if the game is still running and if
   audio should be playing at the moment. It is now well-made and with my latest knowledge.
   These 2 are programs, and they will appear on your taskbar inside the game's task, hovering
   over will show to you 2 more CMD scripts which are called "AudioManager"and "wscript.exe".
   wscript.exe is the DirectAudio.

3. Changed all the data & file locations.
 - The files are no longer messed up in the game's directory, we instead added a single folder and put everything inside it.
   The folder is called "data" located in the game's directory, inside it are category folders and all the required files.
 - The audio files are located in "data > audio", the folder "sys" is audio for the system such as the startup. The numeric
   folders are for the ingame stories.
 - Files such as scripts and images are located in this "data > files"
 - The temp folder keeps temporally files, located in "data > temp"
 - Logs are aswell located in "data > logs"

4. Added a new setting Volume:
 - You can now control the volume of the audio for this program by the settings.
   Typing "volume [number]" will change the volume. It can be any number from 20 until 100.
   Adjusting the volume to a higher number than 100 (e.g. 300) will automatically adjust it to 100.
   Adjusting the volume to 0 will automatically turn off the sounds.
   WARNING: THIS IS AN ALPHA, ADJUSTING THE VOLUME LOWER THAN 80% IS NOT RECOMMENDED.

5. The menu and startup audio were renewed.
6. Added a license which you are required to read and agree to, it will popup once per first-use.
7. Added the credits section, check them by typing "credits" in the menu.
8. Created a new HTS startup animation. Toggling the Text Animations option will show the old animation's single frame.

-< >- System Updates -< >-
1. In the settings, "FAST SETTINGS" option will no longer turn off the sounds, but typing "QU" will.
2. Windows Media Player 6.4 or 7.0 must be installed on your device or else audio will turn off automatically and
   will no longer be possible to toggle them in the settings
3. The UPDATER will no longer take the information of the latest update if the information was not recognized.
   This was added for security reasons and because it caused crashes if GITHUB was down or it was unable to take
   any information.
4. In the settings, if your device doesn't support the requirements for the audio (such as missing required applications)
   you won't be able to toggle the audio and will be marked as "LOCKED" with a popup error if you try to toggle it.
5. Now supports Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 aswell.
7. Changed the waiting with a script instead of pinging your network and having an unstable waiting.
8. In the first-use startup, it will no longer popup the read me file but instead require you to agree to our license.
9. Added logs. NOTE: Feature yet not finished.

-< >- Notices/Small Changes -< >-
1. In the startup logs, it will no longer write "Loading Variables" and the word "PING" is now replaced to "NETWORK"
2. The volume was decreased by 15%.
3. Entering literally nothing will no longer take the output as EMPTY but as literally nothing.
4. Added some aliases for some commands: Uninstall:Uinstalls the game, deletedata & deletesaves:Resets your saves
5. The logo resolution is now 350x350 which looks much cleaner instead of 128x128 which looked very pixelated.
6. In the settings, the option "sounds" was replaced with "audio", but you still can use "sounds" as an alias.
7. It will now write "Loading game..." whenever you type play.   
8. Completely deleted the old colored texts system, everything is now replaced with the newest colored texts system
   which is much faster and simplier in code.
9. The changelog is no longer located in the READ ME file.

-< >- Bugs & Fixes -< >-
1. Fixed lines becoming invisible or broken layouts.
2. The updater was unable to access update information on some devices.
3. In the startup, it will now check if Images and Scripts exist too, instead of only checking for the audio files.

-< >- Our Latest Decisions -< >-
1. The Horror storyline is now called "A Horror Dream", we decided it instead of "A Nightmare"
2. The begenning where you choose your story is now called "the Prison Gift"

-< >- What is in BETA -< >-
1. The storyline "ENDLESS-ROOM. PART:II" is yet unfinished. Expecting to finish it in the release v0.460.
2. Achievements - You can test the beta achievements by going in the settings and typing "UNLOCKACHIEVEMENT"
3. (PROTOTYPE) DLC - You cannot test the DLC yet, but the prototype of the code exists in the game files.

-< >- In Work of Progress -< >-
1. In the story ENDLESS ROOM, the doors will be randomized.

-< >- Thanks you for passing by this Changelog! -< >-